Heroku Connector article (#775)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/heroku-connector.markdown

---
title: Heroku Connector
excerpt: How to set up Heroku DNS using DNSimple's Heroku Connector.
categories:
- Services
---

# Heroku Connector

### Table of Contents {#toc}

* TOC
{:toc}

---

[Heroku](https://www.heroku.com) is a platform as a service (PaaS) that enables developers to build, run, and operate applications entirely in the cloud. With DNSimple's Heroku Connector, you can easily connect your domains to Heroku and set up the required DNS records.

## Using the connector

> 1. Head into the "connections" tab for the domain you want to connect to Heroku. From there, click the "add" button next to the Heroku connector.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Head into the "Connections" tab for the domain you want to connect to Heroku. From there, click the "Add" button next to the Heroku connector.  
```

>    ![Add the connector](/files/heroku-connector-add-connector.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Create a connection to Heroku](/files/heroku-connector-add-connector.png)
```

2. Authorize your DNSimple account to connect to Heroku.  
   ![Authorize your DNSimple account](/files/heroku-connector-authenticate-dnsimple.png)
   

> 3. Authorize the connection to Heroku.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Authorize your Heroku account to give the connector permission to access your Heroku apps.
```

> ![Authorize the connection to Heroku](/files/heroku-connector-connect-heroku.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Authorize your Heroku account](/files/heroku-connector-connect-heroku.png)
```

> 4. Specify which Heroku app you want to connect to the domain and the mounting point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose your Heroku app and the set its mounting point.
```

   <info>

>    A mount point is the address where your Heroku app is served. If you want to use the domain apex, e.g. `example.com`, leave this blank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A mounting point is the address where your Heroku app is served. If you want to use the domain apex, e.g. `example.com`, leave this blank.
```

   </info>  
   ![Connect your domain to Heroku](/files/heroku-connector-connect-domain.png)
   

> 5. You will be asked to review the connection configuration, and ensure the information is correct, by hitting "connect".   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. You will be asked to review the connection configuration. To confirm the information is correct, click "connect".   
```
